Link variables (#1421)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/sessions.md

## Configuration

Symfony offers the possibility to change many session options at application level

> (i.e. in Symfony [`framework` configuration]([[= symfony_doc =]]/reference/configuration/framework.html#session)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(for example, in Symfony [`framework` configuration]([[= symfony_doc =]]/reference/configuration/framework.html#session)).
```
